CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to become a contributor and submit your own code

## Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we
have to jump a couple of legal hurdles.

### Before you contribute
Before we can use your code, you must sign the
[Google Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about/google-individual)
(CLA), which you can do online. The CLA is necessary mainly because you own the
copyright to your changes, even after your contribution becomes part of our
codebase, so we need your permission to use and distribute your code. We also
need to be sure of various other things—for instance that you'll tell us if you
know that your code infringes on other people's patents. You don't have to sign
the CLA until after you've submitted your code for review and a member has
approved it, but you must do it before we can put your code into our codebase.
Before you start working on a larger contribution, you should get in touch with
us first through the issue tracker with your idea so that we can help out and
possibly guide you. Coordinating up front makes it much easier to avoid
frustration later on.

### Code reviews
All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use Github pull requests for this purpose.

### The small print
Contributions made by corporations are covered by a different agreement than
the one above, the
[Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about/google-corporate).

Commit message:

Fix README. Contributing file matches GCP samples.
The README.md file now has content and references specific to this codelab.

The CONTRIBUTING.md is updated to match that of the other Google Cloud
Platform samples.
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/nodejs-docs-samples/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to become a contributor and submit your own code

## Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your sample apps and patches! Before we can take them, we
have to jump a couple of legal hurdles.

Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor License Agreement
(CLA).

  * If you are an individual writing original source code and you're sure you
    own the intellectual property, then you'll need to sign an [individual CLA]
    (https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/individual).
  * If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work,
    then you'll need to sign a [corporate CLA]
    (https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/corporate).

Follow either of the two links above to access the appropriate CLA and
instructions for how to sign and return it. Once we receive it, we'll be able to
accept your pull requests.

## Contributing A Patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repo in question.
1. The repo owner will respond to your issue promptly.
1. If your proposed change is accepted, and you haven't already done so, sign a Contributor License Agreement (see details above).
1. Fork the desired repo, develop and test your code changes.
1. Ensure that your code adheres to the existing style in the sample to which
   you are contributing. Refer to the [Google Cloud Platform Samples Style
   Guide](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/Template/wiki/style.html) for
   the recommended coding standards.
1. Ensure that your code has an appropriate set of unit tests which all pass.
1. Submit a pull request!
